Who has the stinktiest shoes ?
Who would be your least favorite customer in a restaurant ?
Who‘s the fastest to criticize someone ?
Who types the fastest ?
Who has always an empty fridge ?
Who never knows what to wear ?
Who‘s the best at card games ?
Who has their own little pharmacy at home ?
Who is a tender lover ?*
Who made the last dumb purchase ?
Who goes on online shopping sprees (in particular when drunk) ?
Who spent the most money while  shopping online in the past year ?
Who would forget to return wrong sized clothing ?
Who was photographed naked by someone else before ?*
Who would be the best porn director ?*
Who would be the best porn camerawoman/-man ?*
Who has always something dirty to say ?*
Who should bone right now ? (choose two people)*
Who has a crush on the person to your right ?
Who has the highest screen time on their phone ?
Who do you think has a similar porn taste to yours ?*
Who would leave their sex toys laying around in the apartment ?*
Who knows too much about their parents sex life ?*
Who is most  prone to get into a bar fight ?
Who dated someone with the biggest age gap ?
Who masturbated in a public restroom before ?*
Who is the funnest to go on a vacation with ?
Who is the most boring to go on a vacation with ?
Who is the least flexibel on vacations ?
Who drinks the most alcohol by themselves ?
Who is the most competitive ?
Who knows the least about sports ?
Who has the most sex on vacations ?*
Who has been single for the longest time ?
Who is not capable of being single ?
Who fights the most in relationships ?
Who's best at sliding into someone’s DMs ?
Who gets the least dates on Tinder ?
Who would have to swipe right the least on a dating app to get a match ?
Who would have to swipe right the most on a dating app to get a match ?
Who is the worst host when sleeping over ?
Who is the best host when sleeping over ?
Who could create the best drawing of you ?
Who would win a beauty pageant ?
Who would be the best talk show host ?
Who doesn't know how to use gym equipment ?
Who would win a fight against you ?
Who overestimates their resistance to alcohol the most ?
Who would give the best slaps ?
Who is the smoothest talker ?
Who is always the first one to leave ?
Who spends the most money on monthly subscriptions ?
Who would participate in an orgy ?*
Who's most prone to have sex in front of someone else ?*
Who gets bored of relationships the fastest ?
Who would break up with someone in the worst way ?
Who has way too high expectations for a partner ?
Who has the most contagious laugh ?
Who would you like to kiss ?
Who deserves to get a penalty ?
Who would fall asleep in a meeting ?
Who would have sex during a Zoom session ?*
Who is the least productive when working from home ?
Who would have breakfast during a Zoom call ?
Who makes the most unfunny jokes/comments ?
Who would get most nervous during a date ?
Who had the worst Tinder date ?
Who would cancel a date for a hotter date ?
Who will spend the most money tonight ?
Who is still acting like they're in their puberty ?
Who will live the longest ?
Who eats the most junk food ?
Who could do the best cat walk ?
Who is worst in geography ?
Who takes the most supplements ?
Who would you be most afraid to drive with ?
Who's always the first one to pay for the first round ?
Who is the most gullible ?
Who is politically most informed ?
Who is politically least informed ?
Who's the least romantic ?
Who would be most successful at starting their own business ?
Who has the most knowledge about history ?
Who has the least knowledge about history ?
Who has the biggest temper ?
Who can't be alone ?
Who binge-watched the most shows ?
Who would be most annoying at a club ?
Who is always meeting new people at a club ?
Who could talk themselves out of a speeding ticket ?
Who keeps watching the same show on repeat ?
Who would perform best at a ballroom dance ?
Who has the best pick up line ?
Who draws the worst ?
Who has always trouble putting on a condom ?*
Who's the best host after a one-night-stand ?*
Who remembers the least people they've had sex with ?*
Who would gift you the best birthday present ?
Who looks the weirdest when cuming ?
Who had the worst haircut during Covid ?
