Who is the biggest hipster of the group ?
Who will be a hipster parent ?
Who spends the most time watching Reels/TikToks ?
Who is the most cocky ?
Who will start an OnlyFans ?*
Who is paying for an OnlyFans subscription ?*
Who’d be the most successful on OnlyFans ?*
Who is the biggest “Friends” (TV-show) fan ?
Who wears T-Shirts with big logos ?
Who lost the most money on crypto ?
Who made the most money from crypto ?
Who can’t shut up about crypto ?
Who likes to talk about stuff they don’t know anything about ?
Who can’t tolerate silence ?
Who has the highest flirting success rate ?
Who would get a joke tattoo ?
Who would let their friend choose a tattoo for them ?
Who spends the most money on sex toys ?*
Who would use a vibrator in public ?*
Who threw up on someone else before ?
Who would go up to the DJ in a club and ask them to play a specific song ?
Who has holes in their socks ?
Who doesn't have a gag reflex ?*
Who is most prone to throw up ?
Who sends only voice messages ?
Who would like to be on a leash ?*
Who gets horny the fastest ?*
Who masturbated last ?*
Whose breath smells ?
Who would eat pasta with ketchup ?
Who will/did get in trouble for public urination ?
Who couldn’t handle waxing ?
Who shops at flea markets ?
Who would be a sugar daddy/mommy ?
Who will have a sugar daddy/mommy ?
Who freaks out when there’s a spider ?
Who keeps spilling their drinks ?
Who is the biggest drama queen ?
Who is the most crafty ?
Who is into arts the most ?
Who will spoil their child the most ?
Who is the biggest plant enthusiast ?
Who has the best dumper/dumpee success ratio ? (dumped more people than got dumped)
Who gets the most food stains while eating ?
Who chooses fashion over comfort ?
Whose head is always in the clouds ?
Who can’t say no to tequila ?
Who would you rate 10/10 ?
Who lives in a mess ?
Who likes mystery ?
Who likes horror movies ?
Who is most likely to become a life coach ?
Who feels inspired by motivational influencers ?
Who has the weirdest background image on their phone ?
Who followed each fashion trend ?
Who is the most judgemental ?
Who is old-fashioned ?
Who has accomplished the most ?
Who believes in conspiracy theories ?
Who had the wildest vacations ?
Who will gamble all of their money ?
Who is afraid of getting older ?
Who read sexual literature before ?*
Who hates public transportation ?
Who has the cleanest shoes ?
Who is most likely to have an affair with their boss for a better salary ?*
Who is always sleeping naked ?
Who is most likely to get a tramp stamp ?
Who would get into a fight at some media store on Black Friday ?
Who is always complaining ?
Who looks like they’re high ?
Who is most suited to work in Wall street ?
Who tips the best ?
Who tips the worst ?
Who can predict the best upcoming songs ?
Who is the DJ of the group ?
Who is mentally the oldest ?
Who never calls their grandparents ?
Who makes the most spelling errors while texting ?
Who has the stupidest nickname ?
Who can get the most free drinks in a club ?
Who is still calling their mom to ask how to do the laundry ?
Who do you think is the biggest gossiper in the group ?
Who sleeps the funniest ?
Who would draw a dick on someone while they’re sleeping ?
Who would try Kamasutra ?*
With whom would you like to try Kamasutra ?*
Who creates the most chat groups ?
Who‘s the least active on social media ?
Who texts the most on chat groups ?
Who sends the most memes ?
Who sends out the most pictures ?
Who‘s the most picky on dating apps ?
Who has been on the longest dry spell ?
Who would organize the most romantic date ?
Who would organize the worst date ?
Who won’t have sex if they didn’t shave in advance ?*
Who‘s the most vain ?
Who‘s the fashion police of the group ?
Who could make someone cry the fastest ?
